Schenectady Government 1: Hey, so we just got a budget approved for GPS systems in our police cars, to improve our police network.But there was a communication error, and now all of our dump trucks have GPS capability. I have absolutely no idea what to do with this shit.
Schenectady Government 2: Hmmm, maybe the community college has someone with an idea that we can justify this purchase to our bosses.
Schenectady Government 1: But there's a problem here. Our entire department only has a budget of $5000.
Schenectady Community College: I love this idea. One minor issue, we don't have anyone who wants to do anything like this.
Schenectady Government 1: How about you get people from the surrounding area to do it instead?
Schenectady Community College: Hm, we haven't really been relevant recently, so we could definitely use a project to attempt to bring people from other universities over here.
		But how can we get people to participate?
Schenectady Government 2: I've heard there are a lot of fucking nerds in this area, maybe we can appeal to that somehow. They're
so fucking dumb that they'll work for free and we can not pay most of the people we contract to build software!
Schenectady Community College: Well we've always wanted to run a hackathon, and we really think something like this would suit us well.
Schenectady Government 1: But does anyone really want to create a project solely dedicated to garbage trucks?
Schenectady Community College: Maybe if we don't tell anyone beforehand, it'll be too inconvenient to leave, and they'll have nothing better to do.
Transfinder: You know, this is a pretty great idea. So how many times can you mention transfinder in this competition?
Uptime: You know, we're doing market research, and if we could keep people energetic during literally the least interesting task possible, clearly our product has some merit.
Transfider: Thats a fantastic idea, we'll make sure our employees have no clue what hackathons are but are really hyped up off your "supplement", so they can get the entire room to scream Transfinder at once.
Uptime: Thats a great idea, but can you be really sure to plug how great a name Uptime is? We really need confirmation that the kids think were the bee's knees.
Transfinder: Okay. So, what if Uptime was brought to you by Transfinder. That could really help our event run more smoothly I think. The more energy these slaves have, the better work they can do, and Uptime is the premier energy supplement that keeps you awake and energized to push through that last assignment!
Uptime: But, we kind of wanted to do our own thing on this one. We're just getting started, and until we stop getting rejected by the FDA, this is pretty much all we've got.
Transfinder: Okay look. There's exactly one table in this building that doesn't have a transfinder logo on it. And that really doesn't look good for us. You get it?
Redshift: Hey, anyone want to play Galaga? Kids like video games right?
Transfinder: Shut up Redshift. Wait speaking of sponsors, where did AT&T go?
Schenectady Community College: We just shoved them in a corner, they'll find something to do.
